First I took the the amplitude vs time data along with the sampling frequency using wavfile from the audio. Then I created an array of the x-axis time elements and plotted data vs time. Then I applied FFT to view the signal in frequency domain. It showed abnormal peaks. Generally voice signals should be continuous, without such discrete peaks. The peaks are at certain frequencies. It's like when rotating vector (probe)'s frequency is equal to the frequency of a pure sine wave, the FFT has a peak at that frequency. Since voice cannot be a pure sine wave, those peaks should be contaminations and should be filtered. before that voice should exist in the range 0-4000 Hz, but in the FFT the actual fluctuating signal is visible somewhere between 5000 and 10000 Hz, the third peak. So it must have been modulated/amplified. That third peak of 7300 Hz was taken as carrier frequency and i multiplied the data with cos(2*pi*fc*t) to have a sum of 2 cos waves, one with 0 frequency and the other with twice the carrier frequency. Now the audio is actually in the right speech frequency range. The butterworth low pass filter removed unnecessary frequencies greater than 4000 Hz. And the peak amplitudes can be removed by setting a threshold and filtering a small regiond around the peaks to zero. I had done this peak filtering 2 times as another peak came to be visible after the first time. After all this the FFT looks like a voice signal. Now by taking inverse FFT we get back to the time domain. Here the graph actually looks like a voice, rather than the initial graph which was having too much height nearly like a rectangle. To write this in the corrected audio file, it is better to normalize everything to -1 to 1 so that nothing goes out of the range of the speaker. And finally I heard something.... It sounded very noisy, but was audible, compared to the beep sound which was heard at the beginning. The result was so crazzzzy !!! So unexpected. To sum it up "FAHHH"
